INSERT INTO [FantasyTravel].[Places] (Id, Name, Description, Language, BiomType) VALUES (#,Numenor, "A large island west of Middle-Earth given as a gift by the Valar to the Edain who supported the Elves against Morgoth during the first age. The inhabitants tend to be larger and live longer than most humans. The island is mostly grassland with a humid climate and mild winters. It is oval shaped and is about 200 miles long east-west and 150 miles long north-south. The capital is crowned by a tall tower in the center built during the reign of the sixth king." ,2,1);";
INSERT INTO [FantasyTravel].[Places] (Id, Name, Description, Language, BiomType) VALUES (#,The Lonely Mountain, "The Lonely mountain stands around 9500 feet. It contains snow year round. It feeds the river running, also known as Celduin which helps drive the economy of dale near the foot of the mountain. Once home to a mighty dragon, the inhabitants now swell the halls and drive the smithies and mining operations", 1,2);";
INSERT INTO [FantasyTravel].[Places] (Id, Name, Description, Language, BiomType) VALUES (#,The Infinite Tower, "A not quite so stable place. The Infinite tower takes Hilbert's hotel to a whole new universe, literally. We can't garuntee you come back, but if you're looking for a time and space warping experience this is the place. Floor zero begins at the top, and the possiblities are endless as you move down to an infinite number of floors, each it's own world(we advise you stay on the top floors. The zeroth floor is sunny grasslands with comfortable temperatures, the first a megatropolis with buildings so high they block out the sky. This place is inhabited by all manner of intelligent species. Don't worry about not speaking local languages, the towers wonkyness translates for you, kind of like the babel fish from Hitchiker's guide to the galaxy.", 2, 3);";
INSERT INTO [FantasyTravel].[Places] (Id, Name, Description, Language, BiomType) VALUES (#,Ashalla, "Ashalla is the capital of Bajor, previously occupied by the Cardassians. It is the most important city in all of Bajor and contains the Shikina Monastery, a wonderful place to relax and heal if that's what you're looking for in a vacation. The climate is mild, and pleasant to visit any time of year.", 2, 4);";
INSERT INTO [FantasyTravel].[Places] (Id, Name, Description, Language, BiomType) VALUES (#,Deep Space Nine, "Deep Space Nine is a space station in the bajorian system. It contains a reputable gambling establishment where you can play all the dabo you want or visit a holosuite. There's plenty of traders on the promenade, and if you're lucky you'll be able to witness the only known stable wormhole in the galaxy open! If you're looking to commit any crimes, I advise you to find a different station. The Constable here can take any form, and is always vigilant!", 3, 5);";